Redundant store eliminator. (#11352)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * Yul Optimizer: Remove redundant calls to ``mstore`` and ``sstore``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Yul Optimizer: Remove calls to ``mstore`` and ``sstore`` where the stored value is never read back.
```
